en: add head function hint (#1640)
nuxt/docs: en/faq/external-resources.md

## Global Settings

You can include your external resources in the head object or function.
The following example is with an object, the second one is with a function. 

> If you encounter problems you may would like to switch to the head function.

Reviewer: Especially when you want to use values coming from the Vue component (so all "non-static" content), a function is the only way to go (and to ensure dependencies are tracked and reactivity works).

It'd be nice if you could mention that somewhere :relaxed:

> If you encounter problems you may would like to switch to the head function: especially when you want to use values coming from the Vue component (so all "non-static" content), a function is the only way to go (and to ensure dependencies are tracked and reactivity works).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use values from your Vue component like computed properties or data, you can also use `head` as a function, returning the final head object.
```
